Didi/navigationview search (#677)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/navigationview/styling/pane.md

---
title: Pane Styling
page_title: .NET MAUI NavigationView Documentation - Pane Styling
description: Learn how to style the header and footer of the navigation pane in the .NET MAUI NavigationView control.
position: 1
slug: navigationview-pane-styling
---

# .NET MAUI NavigationView Pane Styling

> The NavigationView Pane for .NET MAUI provides a styling mechanism for customizing its look, also the look of its header and footer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NavigationView Pane for .NET MAUI provides a styling mechanism for customizing its look, as well as the look of its header and footer.
```

To use it, set the `PaneStyle` property of the control with a target type `NavigationViewPane`.

> The available properties are descrivbed in the table below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available properties are described in the table below:
```
